let us see the implementation for this problem that it's
declare start end and mid and initialised them next
Let us use the while loop with conditions start less
than or equal to end to execute the binary
search inside it first let's find mid then check whether
array of mid has a smaller number before and after
it
Use this if condition if array of mid greater than
array of mid minus one and array of mid greater than
an array of mid plus one
If this condition passes we can conclude that the peak
element is present at index mid
This we can return mid
If this condition fails then we have to determine whether
the current mid is present in ascending portion or in
descending portion check whether it is present at ascending portion
by using this condition array of mid greater than array
of mid minus one
If it is we have two move start to mid
plus one else the current mid is present at descending portion
So we have to adjust end to mid so write
else end equal to mid if the iterations continue in
one of the iterations
This if condition would become true and we will return its index from the function.